hi there I'm rusty trending in this
Valentine's Day I want you to understand
that it's not always about chocolates
cards and promises it's about doing
something nice it's about doing
something sweet for someone you care
about so why not take on something
bigger why not take on a project I've
been repairing houses for over 25
minutes and I can tell you that there
may be signs and symptoms around your
house of things that are starting to
wear out so why not get on top of it now
I mean that's special someone in your
life and your wallet will thank you
later so let's take a look now some of
the symptoms of a worn out or older
bathroom or tiles falling off and
slicing your feet open while you're
trying to shower so in this situation
what we have is actually a new set of
tiles that has been adhered to the older
possibly original set of tiles and
obviously we're missing a couple so what
we're going to do is we're just going to
actually use the patented new to be
title bonding system and you've got your
overly mushroomed title separator here
what you're going to want it was very
carefully just around outside just try
to get about a quarter to five
sixteenths of an inch clearance just so
you can get that bonding system in there
here we've got it looks just over a
quarter inch but that's okay we can work
with that and make sure any of the older
glue has already been removed from
around at least the exposed area because
the bonding system isn't going to work
well with that stuff there now
once you have your bonding system you
want to make sure that the applicator
tip is just just pointing out that be
able to get to it you're just gonna just
get that into your into your gap there
yeah obviously the old that's gonna
cause a bit of resistance that's okay so
now we've got that in there I'm ready to
use the micro torch and voila
bing-bong is on his way haha it's just a
dream it was just a dream whoo o.o
regular routines regular routines work
real life my piss smells extra
championship esque oh